I have selected long long type for ISBN because there are two types available 
when viewing a given data site, which are double and long long (same as _int 64)
. But when we look the in_lab main module part which shows the ISBN number, you
can find LL after the number. This is to make sure you to use the long long, not
double.
Rather than update the book :: set (...) function directly, create a new member
function that only takes care of the newly updated validation logic and create 
the logic to validate the ISBN there.
A class is the same as the basic form for creating objects in object-oriented 
programming. It is a collection of data and functions that are made into 
a single data type. A class is a template that contains member variables and 
member functions. An object is a class variable created from a class, and is 
a concept that includes both data and its associated operations, for example, 
procedures and method functions. Encapsulation is a grouping of related data 
and functions into a single unit. It encapsulates the remaining parts except 
the promised parts and hides them. Encapsulation also provides access specifiers 
such as private, public, and protect to control access to information that does 
not need to be known outside of the class, thereby distinguishing the members to 
be hidden. This is used to increase the stability of the object. Normally, 
variables in a class are accessed by blocking access to external objects and 
defining methods in public. The reason for using encapsulation is that it is 
more convenient to modify the program if the related functions and data are 
gathered when the program is modified.

Quiz 3 Reflection
2. Describe the concept of encapsulation in one sentence.
Had to write MEMBER FUNCTIOS instead of just functions
(Correct Answer)
Encapsulation allowed us to include data members and member functions in one class.
6. Describe the characteristics of a well-encapsulated C++ class in one sentence.
Didnt finish the complete sentence.
(Correct Answer)
The implementation and the logic of the class does not show in the client code.
